Upgrading from v1.0.x to v1.1
====================

This guide applies if you are already up and running with taproot. If not, the docs cover the installation of v1.1.

Why Upgrade?
--------------------

taproot is still very young (hence upgrading to *v1.1*). This means there are a lot of basic features be added to each minor version. Staying up to date throughout v1.x is the key to getting the most out of taproot.

v1.1 Upgrade Considerations
--------------------

* taproot still has some automated tasks built in, but we're going to ignore those for now, since we are moving to integrating development and production more closely. In other words, we're on the command line a lot here in hopes of taking you off it for future releases
* The structure of the page types and templates have changed completely. While they are backward-compatible, it's likely *some* pieces of existing sites will break. This is mentioned below.

Step 01: Test in Development
--------------------

When upgrading, it's always important to work locally first, fix the code you need to fix, and then move on to production.

v1.1 begins to tie the two environments more closely together, but we're going to stay separated until we're sure it's working.

### Backup Database

First, back up the database in case something goes wrong. Then we can revert.

```text
$ bundle exec rake taproot:db:backup
```

*Note: Alternatively, you could go to the production application and back that database up, as that's expected to be your most up-to-date content. But, if you don't, we'll get to that in a minute.*

### Update Code

Get the most recent version of the code.

```text
$ git checkout master
$ git fetch
$ git checkout v1.1.0
```

*Note: Check to ensure there isn't a more updated `v1.1` release.*

### Bundle & Migrate

Install new gems and migrate the database:

```text
$ bundle install
$ bundle exec rake db:migrate
```

### Updating Content

At this point, your site may appear to work, but there are some updates we need to run manually to add some new content.

```text
$ bundle exec rake taproot:update:one_one
```

### Checking for Errors

The most likely scenario in which you would receive an error would be the naming of your templates. The rake task run in the previous step looks at each page type and breaks them up into individual templates, based on that page type's templates.

Now, the `slug` attribute on each template is what drives the filename of that template. Since this was previously created using a hyphenating method, the rake task replaces hyphens with underscores, since that's standard filenaming practice in ruby.

So, while everything *should* work, preview at least one page for every template on your site.

> **Note: The best way to make it through this transition if you have to rename a template file is to _copy the file_ to its new filename, since it will then work with 1.0.x and 1.1.x.**

Commit and push any project repos you changed.

Step 02: Update Production
--------------------

### Update Project Repos

In theory, your project repos are ready to go now. Deploy each project you updated as you normally would.

### Update taproot

Next, you can go through the steps you did for development, just prefacing each command with `RAILS_ENV=production`.

### Restart and Check

In production, we have to add a couple more steps:

```text
$ RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake assets:precompile
$ sudo service unicorn_taproot restart
```

Then, check your sites. Specifically, look at the areas that were problems in development and make sure they're working correctly. At this point, nothing should be different between development and production.

Step 03: Connect Development to Production Database
--------------------

Last, you should start using the production database in development. This means opening up mysql on your production server, while appropriately configuring your local database.

*Note: This references [this issue comment](https://github.com/rocktree/taproot/issues/73#issuecomment-73499910).*

### Production Server

Login to mysql as root (or equivalent user):

```text
$ mysql -u root -p
```

Then, grant the production database user appropriate permissions.

```text
mysql> grant all on [db_name].* to [db_user]@'[your_dev_public_ip]' identified by '[db_pass]';
```

Where you replace all the [] values.

Next, note the port on which mysql is connecting and the path to the socket file. Both of these values should be specified in `/etc/mysql/my.cnf`.

If you are using a firewall, be sure the port mysql is using is open.

### Development Config

Back in development, you'll want to add a host matching the IP address of the production server:

```yaml
default: &default
  adapter: mysql2
  encoding: utf8
  pool: 5
  host: [taproot_production_ip_address]
  username: [db_user]
  password: [db_pass]
  port: [mysql_port]
  socket: [path_to_socket]

development:
  <<: *default
  database: taproot_production
```

*Again, replace the `[]` values with your own.*

Try to start up your rails server and if it starts and you can load a site in development, you're all set!

Issues
--------------------

That's all!  Thank you for continuing to use taproot.

If you encountered an issue while upgrading, please note it by [creating an issue](https://github.com/rocktree/taproot/issues/new).
